Good morning, family. I'm going to do a video right now that's a little different than what I usually do.
Everybody's been telling me about this earthquake and all the stuff that's going on in Italy.
Back on July 5th, I did a video about a major volcano going off.
The Lord warned me about this volcano back on July 5th and told me this would be very destructive, there would be a lot of damage, and a lot of people would pass away.
I saw two or 300,000 people; it's massive. He showed me to focus on the ocean in this gulf right here.
I saw there is a massive volcano out here somewhere. I believed it was right in here, because Pompeii is right here. There's a massive volcano up here.
When I was looking over in the spirit and it was showing me, I thought it was in this right here, but I believe it's probably further out.
I started looking at where the massive volcanoes in the water over in Italy are.
If you zoom out, I'll show you. There's a massive volcano—one of the largest—way down here.
Whenever I saw this massive volcano going off out of the water, it caused a massive tsunami wave.
It exploded from the earthquake and this massive volcano; it was like a humongous nuclear bomb went off and it went up out of the water and caused a massive wave that washed all inland.
Can you go back out? Can you make the map where I can show the people?
Go down. Okay, so the water rushed all over this area. It would cause a lot of devastation.
One of these volcanoes out here, the Lord is showing me, it came up out of the water and it caused all the air traffic around that area to be completely shut down.
The Lord showed me that it would cost hundreds of thousands of deaths when this happened, and he said one of the major signs to watch out for was earthquakes and tremors.
He said back in July, I don't believe there were any tremors; there weren't any earthquakes.
And then all of a sudden, here we see the article that says there was the biggest earthquake in 40 years that happened in that area that I'm talking about.
It happened this week; it was a 4.2. Going on and reading even more, there's been hundreds of little bitty earthquakes that they've picked up around that area.
So it's going with what the Lord showed me would happen back in July: to start praying and that it would be a serious event that would take place out in the water.
He kept telling me to pray over the water. If you start to see some kind of smoke coming up out of the water, that's probably hundreds of miles off the coast.
If you start hearing stuff about the ocean, this is a very high alert for you all if you're already having these earthquakes. The Lord warned me about this clear back in July.
I don't know if this is what we're looking for, or if the volcano is about to happen imminently, but it was very strong in my spirit in July and I've been interceding for this.
Now I'm going to go to the next thing. Like I told you all, I was interceding for the elections for 2024.
I saw Michelle Obama and I saw Gavin, and nothing was in the news back when this was going on. This was this time last year.
Getting closer to the fall, I really believe we're about to see some kind of major shakeup in the Democratic Party in the near future.
Sarah Palin is already saying that she believes Michelle Obama will be the Democratic nominee in 2024.
Then we have Ted Cruz, who says that he believes that Michelle Obama could be the 2024 candidate too.
What I saw in the supernatural is starting to happen; people in political positions in the know are starting to echo it.
I saw another article on 60 Minutes with Gavin not denying that he wanted to maybe run for president.
In the vision that the Lord showed me, he was the vice president and Michelle Obama was the president.
Joe Biden was not able to keep going because of his mental problems; I believe it's dementia or something.
The Lord was warning me about this. I saw him being pulled out, not even finishing. Kamala Harris would start running things.
I saw a woman whose face was shaded out; it was blurry in the vision and I could not see it, but I could see her hair.
It was a blonde woman and her hair was a shorter haircut. I believe the way the hair looked, it was either Elizabeth Warren or it could be Hillary Clinton.
Now, these are just my assumptions. Whether or not this vision comes to pass, I don't know, but it's something that I've been praying over for over a year now. We prophesy in part, we hear in part, and we see in part.
We're seeing this stuff come up in the news now: the earthquakes, the political stuff, and the Lord's warning about the Prince of Saudi Arabia and the price of oil.
Remember what I told you all about that going over $200 a barrel and him making a secret agreement with Russia and with China and joining the BRICS nations?
We saw that happen on August 24th. They want to join up with them on January 1st.
All those major places—Venezuela, Egypt, the UAE—and he even warned me about Iraq.
Here is JP Morgan saying $150 a barrel of oil. They're forecasting $150, and that's just in the beginning stages.
We're so close to that vision and what the Lord warned me about gas prices going over $7 or $8 a gallon.
In California, they're already charging that. I believe a nationwide average is coming.
We are in the end times. Jesus Christ is coming back. We are in the last of the last days.
When we start seeing earthquakes, volcanoes go off, and political upheaval, we're seeing all these birthing pains.
I believe it was the video I did just a couple days ago; the Lord was showing me from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, this is going to be an acceleration of birthing pains.
You're going to see an acceleration in the weather, the political area, and in war.
I remember I tried to tell you all about a major draft coming for the United States of America.
I've been praying against this because the Lord showed me men and women being drafted and going into Ukraine, with this war escalating with Russia.
I saw Russia going after Poland and bombing Poland with some kind of super bomb. It was around the Warsaw and Belarus area.
I saw Joe Biden telling everybody that we wanted to lend them $2 billion to help out with their military.
So there is stuff that I saw over a year ago starting to manifest in the news. People wanted to know about the New Madrid Fault.
The Lord warned me that if we divide Jerusalem, he would divide the land, which would cause a curse on America.
If you come against Israel, it's like we're betraying her because we've been in covenant with her.
I believe with all my heart, three days after they divide the land of Israel, we will see one of the greatest earthquakes we've ever had in America on the New Madrid Fault going up America.
I've seen it. Earthquakes go from there because they cause a chain reaction over the area.
It's not just about that earthquake; it sets off other fault lines all throughout America.
When a major earthquake—like a 10.0, a massive earthquake—hits, it destroys all the bridges. I warned you all about that. So here we are.
The Prince of Saudi Arabia comes on the news saying he wants a two-state solution to help so they can build the Third Temple.
They have a peace agreement and all the stuff they want to do. And when do they want to have it done?
I've already talked about this before; they want to have that done before the big solar eclipse that goes across America.
We are so close to major events domino-effecting. I warned you all about the dollar crash and to watch Europe.
He told me to watch the Euro; it's a very significant domino.
I saw something someone sent me on Facebook about how the Euro and the European currency were in trouble.
It's all being accelerated just like the Lord told me. We are so close to a major event happening.
I've warned you how the Lord has me pray about the pulses in the spirit, and I feel very strongly about the month of October.
We have a major event coming on October 4th with this FEMA alert on our phones.
People are freaking out about that, and then we have Russia now saying they're going to do some kind of event on the third regarding nuclear stuff.
The whole world is stirring right now. It's a time to be prayed up and get in the Word even more.
If you hear the Spirit of God telling you to do something, obey Him. If He tells you to relocate, follow the voice of the Lord.
It should be your heart's cry every day: 'Father, what do You have for my family today? Lead and guide me.
I'm desperate for more of You, to hear Your voice, and for a relationship with You.'You need to be sitting at the feet of Jesus daily, not just on Sunday.
I might have messed up my wording, my verbiage. What I'm trying to tell you is that you need to seek Him every day.
Have a relationship with Jesus Monday through Sunday, all the time, sitting at His feet.
In Him, He'll have all the things laid out for you. In Him, there's peace, joy, and longsuffering.
There's provision when you're seeking the face of God and not just His hand—always looking for just the provision like a child asking, 'God, what do You have in Your hand for me today?'No, Father, Abba, Abba Father, I want You today.
I want a relationship with You. It's about growing up and coming up higher spiritually.
It's time for another level in our walk with Jesus instead of just coming to Him with our needs.
Not that that's wrong, but it should be more than that; it's about being intimate with Him.
If I only came to my wife and asked her to do the laundry and cook dinner without any other relationship, it would be very bad.
Having a relationship is more than just always coming to God with a need; it's having fellowship with Him and worshiping Him.
The Bible says that if we don't praise Him, the rocks will cry out. I'm not going to let a rock do my job.
Sit at His feet daily, worship Him, sing songs, and practice His presence.
If you start asking Him what's on His heart every single day, He's going to start pouring Himself into you.
It's a conversation, just like you have with your spouse. You talk because you love that person.
That's the kind of relationship you should have with the Lord.
I want a God I can talk to and be real with. I don't get religious and weird; I just get real.
'Hey God, I love You.'I even talk to Him about basketball; He loves NBA basketball. He watches it with me. It's being personable with God.
Abraham had a friendship with Him; He can visit Brandon, Bobby, or whoever is on the other end of this camera.
I believe with all my heart God has a plan for your life and wants to warn you about what's coming.
He's no respecter of persons. I want to pray for you right now.
There's no fear here; perfect love casteth out all fear. God's got us.
He said He's never seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread.
If He takes care of the lilies of the field and the birds of the air, He's going to take care of you.
Father, I thank You that every need is met in the name of Jesus—over their bodies, minds, and emotions.
I take authority over the demonic spirits of fear, depression, anxiety, and worry.
I command healing to flow over them. I see PTSD right now. I take authority over post-traumatic stress disorder and cast you out.
I command freedom in their thoughts and healing over their brain waves. We cast those reoccurring traumatic thoughts down.
2 Timothy 1:7 says God has not given us a spirit of fear but of power, love, and a sound mind.
I call your mind balanced right now. I bind the strongman and command you to be set free.
No more PTSD or suicidal thoughts. We plead the blood of Jesus over your mind.
Father, I thank You that our sisters and brothers are healed from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet from diabetes, heart disease, lupus, glaucoma, or whatever it may be.
We speak to stomach issues, liver problems, and the colon—from diverticulitis to Crohn's disease.
I curse autoimmune disease and call thyroids to line up and be healed. I call leukemia healed in Jesus'name.
You said in Your Word that whatsoever things we desire when we pray, believe that we receive them and we shall have them.
And if we shall not doubt in our heart, we shall have whatsoever things we say.
I thank You for Mark 11:24. Faith calls those things to be not as though they were.
I call you healed, well, and delivered. We call in finances—new jobs, raises, bonuses, and inheritances.
I thank You, Lord, that You're meeting all their financial needs. Every seed you sow will reap a hundredfold.
I thank You, Lord, that they have good ground, and it would be just like miracle ground and spring forth a mighty harvest.
Thank you for joining us today. Comment below about the volcanoes if you know more about that area.
I pray a hedge of protection over you. Don't be afraid, but if the Lord tells you to get out in the middle of the night, flee fast. Put a smile on your face; Jesus loves you.